{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c99956\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15680\viewh9680\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 Behavior sub-scale
\f1\b0\fs28 \
The following items were rated on a nine point scale where  1=0, 2=1, 3=2, 4=3, 5=4, 6=5-6, 7=7-9, 8=10-19, 9= 20 or more\
\
SOI_1: Con quanti partner diversi hai avuto rapporti  sessuali negli ultimi 12 mesi? (\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
With how many different partners have you had sex within the past 12 months?)\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
SOI_2:  Con quanti partner diversi hai avuto un rapporto sessuale in una sola e unica occasione? (\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
With how many different partners have you had sexual intercourse on one and only one occasion?)\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
SOI_3: Con quanti partner diversi  hai avuto un rapporto sessuale senza avere interesse in una relazione seria e duratura con la persona? (\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
With how many different partners have you had sexual intercourse without having an interest in a long-term committed relationship with this person?)\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\

\f0\b\fs32 Attitude sub-scale
\f1\b0\fs28 \
The following item were rated on a nine point scale where 1=Disagree, 9=Agree. \
\
SOI_4: Sesso senza amore va bene (\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sex without love is OK.)\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
SOI_5 :  Riesco ad immaginarmi a mio agio nel fare sesso occasionale con partner diversi. (\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I can imagine myself being comfortable and enjoying "casual" sex with different partners.)\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
SOI_6 : Non voglio fare sesso con una persona se non sono sicuro/a che avremo una relazione seria e a lunga durata. (\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I do not want to have sex with a person until I am sure that we will have a long-term, serious relationship.)\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\

\f0\b\fs32 Desire sub-scale
\f1\b0\fs28 \
The following item were rated on a nine point scale where 1=Never,  2= rarely,  3=\cf2  \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
About once every two to three months, 4= about one a month, 5= about once every two week, 6= about once a week, 7= several times a week,  8= Almost every day, 9= At least once a day\
\
SOI_7: Quante volte ti capita di avere delle fantasie sessuali su una persona con cui non hai una relazione sentimentale seria? (\cf0 \cb1 How often do you have fantasies about having sex with someone you are not in a committed romantic relationship with?)\
\cf2 \cb3 \
SOI_8: Quante volte provi eccitazione sessuale quando sei a contatto con qualcuno con cui non hai una relazione sentimentale seria? (\cf0 \cb1 How often do you experience sexual arousal when you are in contact with someone you are not in a committed romantic relationship with?)\
\cf2 \cb3 \
SOI_9: Nella vita quotidiana, quanto spesso hai fantasie sessuali spontanee su una persona che hai appena incontrato? (\cf0 \cb1 In everyday life, how often do you have spontaneous fantasies about having sex with someone you have just met?)\
\
\

\f0\b\fs32 Sociodemographic variables
\f1\b0\fs28 \
\
Gender: 1=Male, 0=Female, NA=Other\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Sexual_Orientation:   \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 0=Exclusively Heterosexual, 1= Others\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 Relationship:  Single=0,  In a relationship=1\
Education: 1=Primary school, 2=Secondary school, 3 =Bachelor degree, 4 = \'93Master degree\'94, 5 =Ph.D/Medical specialization\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf0 \strokec2 Sub-scales and Total Score
\f1\b0\fs28 \strokec2 \
Beh= (SOI_1+SOI_2+SOI_3)/3 \
\
Att= \outl0\strokewidth0 (SOI_4+SOI_5+SOI_6)/3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
Des= \outl0\strokewidth0 (SOI_7+SOI_8+SOI_9)/3 \
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
\outl0\strokewidth0 SOI= (SOI_1+SOI_2+SOI_3+SOI_4+SOI_5+SOI_6+SOI_7+SOI_8+SOI_9)/9\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
}